Operate Deploy Guide UI parity check and fixes (#1332)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/proc-aap-migration-backup.adoc

[id="aap-migration-backup"]
[role="_abstract"]

= Migrating to Ansible Automation Platform Operator

.Prerequisites

To migrate {PlatformNameShort} deployment to {OperatorPlatform}, you must have the following:

* Secret key secret
* Postgresql configuration
* Role-based Access Control for the namespaces on the new OpenShift cluster
* The new OpenShift cluster must be able to connect to the previous PostgreSQL database

[NOTE]
====

> You can store the secret key information in the inventory file before the initial {PlatformName} installation. If you are unable to remember your secret key or have trouble locating your inventory file, contact link:https://access.redhat.com/[Ansible support] through the Red Hat Customer portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can store the secret key information in the inventory file before the initial {PlatformName} installation.
If you are unable to remember your secret key or have trouble locating your inventory file, contact link:https://access.redhat.com/[Ansible support] through the Red Hat Customer portal.
```

====

Before migrating your data from {PlatformNameShort} 2.x or earlier, you must back up your data for loss prevention. To backup your data, do the following:

.Procedure
. Log in to your current deployment project.

> . Run setup.sh to create a backup of your current data or deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Run `setup.sh` to create a backup of your current data or deployment:
```

> [id="aap-migration-backup"]

Reviewer: There's no title for this module

[role="_abstract"]

.Prerequisites

To migrate {PlatformNameShort} deployment to {OperatorPlatform}, you must have the following:

* Secret key secret
* Postgresql configuration
* Role-based Access Control for the namespaces on the new OpenShift cluster
* The new OpenShift cluster must be able to connect to the previous PostgreSQL database

[NOTE]
====

> Secret key information can be located in the inventory file created during the initial {PlatformName} installation. If you are unable to remember your secret key or have trouble locating your inventory file, contact link:https://access.redhat.com/[Ansible support] via the Red Hat Customer portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can store the secret key information in the inventory file before the initial {PlatformName} installation. If you are unable to remember your secret key or have trouble locating your inventory file, contact link:https://access.redhat.com/[Ansible support] via the Red Hat Customer portal.
```

I think an active verb would work better here, but my suggestion mihght not be right
